we return where professionalism is of
home left back from elite sport a
castellammare marco mauriello reed
welcome on dop runners
welcome to you from elite sport in my
sale
today we begin to glimpse a
a new journey we begin to do a little
then the specifications on the shoes
we will talk from time to time about each
template
now let's make the presentation of a
new model that the poor who arrived
to the very flamboyant version 8 in
so color a shoe too
as aggressive as impact can be
also match from my t-shirt to
this house my choice
we say that at this moment we are
combined we hope to have no problems
with very very flu images
then returning the poor to the shoe
8 we will be very quick in these
explanations
first of all I want to show also
plow 7 as these two shoes
they are tied by hand with the
they alone were poor
shoe that has had so much success
in fact he didn't think well of
keep the same one as or less than 7
then ground support part e
inter part of cushioning
adding a small layer of hayes
in more then a little bit of
cushioning and more why pass
from number 7 to the garden number
mainly because it looks good
from the upper the colors of the vii
surely they weren't just dark ones
from the upper this as 8 is much more
aggressive the important thing is that
right away the light is that in this one
question there is no seam then
we all have this heat seal
involves lightening
yes even if only a few grams of the
shoe weight maintaining
the amortization unchanged
we have another detail
inside perhaps this is not possible
see well but has a fly system that
combines lacing with the part
bottom of the shoe then in the
moment in which we go to
fasten this shoe will be much more
enveloping the foot therefore favors of
more even if the least way
circulation that is in the lower part
of the last foot differentiation from the
Plow 7 is in the back working
seven wore an external helmet in
some athlete can get some
problematic as the heel was in
hard plastic version sometimes
it happened to them it could be split
this is back again
what was already available
version 6 then a heel inside
a capsule inside the
romania of the shoe with a fit
surely greater then all this
comforted by an internal rent then by
a part of material that should be wrapped
the foot much much softer
this will be more or less the reason of the
our interventions therefore fast targeted
in the explanation of the models of the
the shoe is there but not the akita
we recommend this is the recommend ad
medium to high athletes than yours
they want to use also for competitions there
they are many athletes even of average weight
lightweight that use it as a shoe from
fund then to make us so many
kilometres
definitely a shoe that gives so much
comfort and amortization a
shoe of great tradition the bomb was
8 of the nike